Data viz ultimate image update battle royale (#1084)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/data-visualization/advanced-charts/index.mdx

<AnchorLinks>

> <AnchorLink>Alluvial diagrams</AnchorLink>

Reviewer: I think this needs to be changed to Alluvial diagram (or the heading needs to be changed (doesn't have an s), right now clicking on the anchor link doesn't bring me to this section since the anchors do not match.

Author: updated!

<Row>
<Column  colLg={12} colMd={8} colSm={4} >

![Divergent heat map](images/05_adv_heatmap_928.png)

<Caption>
  Example of a symmetrical divergent heat map with optional cell borders
</Caption>

</Column>
</Row>

## Network diagrams

A network diagram is a way of visually representing network architecture. It maps out network structure with a variety of icons and connecting lines. It’s ideal for sharing the layout of a network because the visual presentation makes it easier for users to understand complex connections at a glance. These diagrams are especially useful for isolating problems or when designing a new system.

The example below illustrates a swimlane graph with expandable nodes developed by the Security team. In products like QRadar these diagrams are often paired with side and filter panels. However, a simplified version of the component is available in the Carbon Add-ons repo for IBM designers to adapt.

<InlineNotification>

> **Note:** Some of the components below are available to consume in the Carbon Add-ons repo. Please check with the CLX team on Slack (#clx-framework) to verify before creating your own components [Carbon Add-ons repository](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-charts).

Reviewer: Should this link to the carbon charts repo? If so, should we say Carbon charts rather than Add-ons repo? It could lead to confusion since there are multiple add-on repos.

Author: Yes, will update that! Good catch!

</Column>
</Row>

## Heat maps

A heat map is a graphical representation of data where individual values contained in a matrix are represented as colors. In light themes, the darkest color denotes the largest value. In dark themes, the lightest color denotes the largest value.

> Heat maps can leverage the full range of the palette (from 10-100) to maximize contrast. When there is no inflection point in the data (e.g. a 0 value midway between -100 and +100) a one directional, sequential heat scale such as light cyan to dark cyan is the best visualization practice.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Heat maps can leverage the full range of the palette (from 10-100) to maximize contrast. When there is no inflection point in the data (for example, a 0 value midway between -100 and +100), a one directional, sequential heat scale such as light cyan to dark cyan is the best visualization practice.
```
